[docs] Update expo router babel docs in setup for SDK 50 (#24832)
expo/expo: docs/pages/router/reference/troubleshooting.mdx

## `EXPO_ROUTER_APP_ROOT` not defined

> > This is applicable to Expo Router v1 and the beta release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> This applies to Expo Router v1 and the beta release.
```
